being a leader really affected my life. You know, a lot of different ways.
I remember being a second class. I would really want to finish
the work immediately. And then once I get home and I just leave my work
at home, uh, I'm playing video games. I'm watching Netflix. I'm
watching movies, and I don't think about work again until I come back.
However, when you're a leader, um, I tryto leave work at home. Um,
I try to leave were at work as much as possible, but I do find that
I think about it a lot at home. That's when you're making spreadsheets
for the people. That's when you're emailing other chiefs. That's
when you're talking about like, what's gonna happen the next day?
Um, at 8 p.m. Or nine pm with with other leaders, other officers so
it can affect you throughout the whole entire day. Um, once you become
a leader